
Alex, Brad, Brenda

Demo of ZERO_INSIDE_BOUNDARY test function, to verify the "bad sweep index" error is fixed.
Demo of "+/- Fold Ray >" spreadsheet editor actions.  

Alex explained the PURPLE_HAZE field in the NEXRAD data. It's about a song, a beer, and a radar field.
[See link for explanation](https://www.roc.noaa.gov/wsr88d/PublicDocs/NNow/NNautumn07b.pdf)
NEXRAD now, Autumn, 2017.

New bugs discovered:
* problem with running script twice.  There must be some initialization that is not happening when a second script runs.
* Brad noted that Brush is the default type when the Boundary Editor pops up.  Really, the default should be Polygon, since Brush and Circle will not be working in the near future.
* The boundary is drawn with too thick of a line with airborne data.
* Script evaluation does NOT report an error when it encounters problems during interpretation.
* We need the ability to rename a field in the scripts, otherwise, there will be too many fields created with intermediate values.
  We need to reuse field names, some kind of assignment in a script.
* Need Unconditional-Delete in <field> using a boundary as a script function. This would set the data inside the boundary to missing value.
* Need Remove-Ring as a script function.  This should be available now.  Needs testing.

Goal for next meeting is to use the Commands for touch-up editing. A Use Case would be the following:

1. Create boundary
2. Run Script:  Unconditional-delete in DBZ
                Unconditional-delete in VEL
                Remove-ring in ???
   result would have missing values inside boundary.
3. Spreadsheet editor:  +/- Fold Ray >  for fine-tuning the editing.
