Meeting Notes (Nov 19, 2021)
Alex, Brad, Michael, Wen-Chau, Brenda

Most of the discussion centered on feedback from the [LROSE Workshop 2021](http://wiki.lrose.net/index.php/Main_Page).

Michael suggested we post something on the LROSE Forum (insert link here) regarding HawkEdit and how to follow the
progress of the project.  Hopefully, this will keep the momentum going.  In addition, we can:
1. continue to regularly post updates about HawkEdit to the forum,
2. advertise pySolo (insert link here) on the Forum.

We discussed the use of the various tracking and contact resources.  The LROSE Forum for discussions, tutorials, workflows, 
usage, etc.
The Github repos to track bugs, fixes, and new features using the Issues on lrose-core, or lrose-HawkEdit as appropriate.

Wen-Chau noted that the focus of LROSE is really two key problems:
1. RadxConvert - to take all of those various binary, instrument formats, and convert them to a standard, CFRadial format.
2. maintain the most popular legacy applications.

We discussed the workshop feedback that LROSE, being primarily C++-based code, may not be as approachable for community
contributions.  Perhaps a first approach is to work with ISF to find an approach to 
integrate the new VAD software into LROSE rather than developing new
code to accomplish the same task.  Then, we can apply the same approach to integrate new PID software. 

Wen-Chau reminded us that the NSF mission is to support research. 

Michael talked about LROSE being a collection of smaller building blocks that can be connected to accomplish a
task.  Sometimes, the LROSE tools take on more of a big block that is more difficult to use just one piece. 

Wen-Chau talked about installing new NCAR graphing software.  The software package has embedded data for a
fast sanity test of the software once installed.  This is a good idea to adopt, with HawkEdit, and 
other applications.  Kind of a "here is what you should see" if everything is working correctly test.  We could 
add a small data file as part of a HawkEdit installation package, along with an expected image for reassurance that the software installed and is working as expected.
