Meeting Notes (Alex, Brad, Wen-Chau, Brenda)

* Alex asked about the SoloII COPY function.  This functions copies one field to a new field. This function is necessary in SoloII because SoloII
  overwrites edits to any data field.  In HawkEdit, all edits are made to a copy of the field.  To copy a field using HawkEdit, in a script 
  use something like this
  ``` VEL2 = VEL ```
  
* The boundary for Airborne data is REALLY thick and actually obstructive. (Brenda will fix this.)
* Please set Polygon as the default brush.  Brad noted this in a prior meeting.  (Brenda will fix this.)
* Multiple script runs causes HawkEdit to crash. (Brenda will fix this. DONE.)
* Unsaved edits from a script are discarded when HawkEdit is closed.  (Brenda will add a warning message as a reminder to save edits in the File->Save menu.)
* Select row in spreadsheet ``` +/- Fold Ray > ``` needs to change all rays with a selected cell. (Brenda will fix this.)
* Brad noted that AOS data needs an RHI window to fully display the data.  The RHI window was disabled in HawkEdit in favor of getting 
  other sections of the code working.  Brad suggested this is of medium priority at the moment.
* Wen-Chau noted that the SoloII Docker image crashes after sitting idle for about five minutes.  Alex noted that SoloII on an old Mac seems to be
  stable for days without activity.  Neither Brad nor Brenda have used the SoloII Docker image.  Brenda noted that Docker images are usually
  stable when idle for days.  There may be something peculiar about the SoloII Docker image.  
  
  The Touch-Up Editing Use Case is almost complete.  The steps are working on:
  * KAMX data from Maimi NEXRAD cfradial data,
  * SPOL data,
  * airborne data.
  With the fixes to the above noted bugs, the use case will be complete.
  
  Moving to the next use cases, the next one is BB-unfolding -- Ground Based Unfolding Script.  Alex noted that he posted data files, 
  before and after shots, and the scripts.  
  
  The Remove-Aircraft-Motion use case was discussed and seems to be more involved.  Alex and Wen-Chau talked about cfactor files.  The CFactor 
  files are generated and saved using SoloII code.  The CFAC file is generated using the ```export cfac file``` command in SoloII.  
  All of this was in Dorade file.  
  Must start with raw VE field in NOAA P3 data.  The CFAC file contains eight degrees of freedom: aircraft altitude, drift, pitch, roll, speed, u, v, w.
  
  Conrad sent along data and scripts for another use case that will be tested once the original four use cases are complete.  
  
  
