Alex, Brad, Brenda

Alex said the HawkEdit video for the LROSE workshop is ready and the current release of the software is sufficient for the features needed in the demo.

We talked about the next steps for HawkEdit and went through the list of issues to prioritize work:
1. continue with currently identified use cases; the next case needs REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION.  We will need information about the correction factors and need to meet with Michael and Wen-Chau.
2. New features to include:


- Translation and navigation in polar display (Issue #54)
- RHI Window display (Brad need this)
- Parameter file open, save, edit, save current display configuration to file. (min, max values for fields in current display) (Brad and Alex)
- multiwindow display 
- time slider (this allows for selection of essentially a 2D problem of allowing slicing and dicing of the data for use by a script; e.g. select vertical scan vs. all scans, one time point vs. all scan times.)
- Undo??
- preload popular color scales; include options that do NOT end with background color; include a color scale with diverging red and green for NEXRAD data. (Brad)
- script editor preprocessor (Issue #52)

Other bug fixes (of high priority):
* BB_UNFOLDING in script is NOT working
* Change color scale causes HawkEdit to crash (Issue #40)
* Remove reference to SPOL data in main window title.
* HawkEdit works on Catalina and Big Sur, but not on Mojave. Not sure why.

Features of lower priority:
* Boundary Editor (#1 polygon, #2 brush, #3 circle)
* spreadsheet respect boundary (Issue #53)

Alex will meet with Michael and prioritize the next steps/features/bug fixes.

Priority:
1. BB unfolding
2. Time slider window 
3. REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION
4. Navigation in polar display 
5. multi-window display 
6. RHI display (Brad needs this) 
7. save/open parameter file  
8. script editor preprocessor 
