Meeting notes (Alex, Brad, Brenda)

We went through status of updates from the last meeting.  The next release will contain all the requests
from last week, plus the Save Boundary bug fix (noted below).

* Noted new bug when saving a boundary.  While this works on the development machine, it does not work 
 when HawkEdit is installed on a Mac using a DMG.  The probable cause is different permissions when running the app.
 
 * Alex suggested (and Brad agreed) that a Save As option for a boundary could be useful.  To save
  a boundary independent of data file, sweep and field, that can be shared and
  imported would be useful.  For example, reusing a predefined boundary for ground clutter for a known 
  geographic area.  This idea will be added as an issue for a new feature.
  
 * Note on the issues Wen-Chau raised in the last meeting.  Brad tried to install Soloii Docker container
   on a Mac running Big Sur.  This didn't work and could not run Soloii due to some missing GTK libraries
   needed on the Mac, outside of the container.  Alex noted that after talking with Jen about Soloii Docker
   that there may be some X11 forwarding issues or X-Quartz issues that are preventing windows and images from
   displaying.
   
 * Note about Sigmet data -> Dorade -> Cfradial.  Alex and Michael noticed some loss of data during the conversion.
   Alex and Michael will further investigate the issue and send over a report.  
   
 * We discussed a time schedule for HawkEdit releases.  The proposed schedule is basic functionality in
   a Beta release in time for the mid-November LROSE workshop.  This base functionality would cover the
   Touch-Up Editing use case.  The next release would cover the Ground-based unfolding script. 
   
| Use Case      | Release Name  | Release Date (possible) |
| ------------- | ------------- | --------- |
| Touch-Up Editing  | ??  | mid November, 2021 |
| Ground-based Unfolding  | ??  |  end of November, 2021 |
| Remove aircraft Motion (navigation corrections) | ??  | mid December, 2021 |
| Airborne Auto QC | ?? | end of December, 2021 |
| Sigmet data  QC | ??  | mid January, 2022 |

Preliminary testing for unfolding release:
* BBUnfolding (get an example working)
* A_SPECKLE  and DESPECKLE example 
* correct ALL function syntax in autocomplete for scripts

We talked about what would make the releases more stable? The documentation and use of standard test cases.
Before each release, all the standard test cases (derived from use cases) could be run and the results 
compared to expected results.  These standard test cases can be kept in this repository along with 
links to specific data files, script files, boundary files, detailed steps and expected output files.

Oh, we also talked about saving a few minutes to provide updates on the upcoming LROSE workshop. 
