Meeting notes (Brenda, Brad, Alex)

Brad was testing the latest release using the script editor.  For example, with the script ...
```REMOVE_RING(VEL)``` (a)
the script ran without an error message, but Brad noticed that no new field variable appeared in the list in 
the Parameter Color Dialog.  Also, Brad noticed there was no change to the VEL field.  The other curious thing that Brad noticed was a new field named VEL_2 appeared in the new file that was saved before exiting HawkEdit.  

The explanation.  The syntax of the script is not incorrect, and in fact this is the standard syntax for SoloII.
In HawkEdit, the script editor and script engine uses a JavaScript-like syntax, and the syntax is more "functional". 
With a functional syntax, the result of the REMOVE_RING function needs to be saved in a variable.  For example,
```VEL = REMOVE_RING(VEL)```
or 
```VEL_ZAP = REMOVE_RING(VEL)```
In the first case, the field VEL would have the changes.  In the second case, a new field, VEL_ZAP is created and 
contains the results of the REMOVE_RING function. 
The reason the new, unexpected field VEL_2 appeared in the saved data file, has to do with the internal data structure for a radar volume, RadxVol.  When the REMOVE_RING function is called by the JavaScript engine, the result of the function is stored in a temporary field variable in RadxVol.  RadxVol appends a numeric subscript to a field variable if the same field variable already exists.  Since VEL already exists in the RadxVol structure, the new field is named VEL_2.  The VEL_2 temporary field is now part of the internal radar volume.  When the file is saved (File -> Save), RadxVol writes all the data fields to a new data file.  Behind the scenes, when the JavaScript engine runs a script, the temporary field VEL_2 is renamed to the new field VEL_ZAP.  

We talked about handling the syntax from (a), since it is so familiar to SoloII users.  This syntax can be handled
in a preprocessing step prior to evaluation by the script engine.  The other preprocessing step that needs to 
happen is the conversion of the field variables "passed by value".  The preprocessing step needs code development 
and is added to the task list.

We also talked about an UNDO feature in the script editor.  This feature is moved to future work.

Another point to note from testing by Brad and Alex is the copy syntax.  To copy a field, the current syntax is ...
```VEL_NEW = VEL_V```
where the original field is VEL.  Note the \_V syntax appended to the original field.  The \_V syntax identifies
a field as pass by value.  This preprocessor step will handle the conversion of field names to either pass by
value or pass by reference since it is context dependent.  Until the preprocessor code is working, use the \_V 
syntax when copying a field.  

Alex demonstrated a touchup editing session, in preparation for the upcoming LROSE Workshop.  We talked about the
next steps of code development for the touchup editing and further use cases.  Here is the list in order by priority.

1.  Change boundary color.  In the Parameter Color Dialog, implement the Boundary Color selector.  In the Boundary Editor View, add a color selector.
2.  Squares in the boundary editor are too big.
3.  Moving boundary points; get this working.  Currently, selecting a boundary point ( depicted as a square in the polar display) and moving it, the action defaults to a zoom.
4.  Save in the Boundary Editor does not give a confirmation message.  Try putting a confirmation message in the status bar of the dialog.
5.  Select Unfold Ray (in the Spreadsheet Editor), appy the action to all selected columns.
6.  Script Preprocessor 
7.  Spreadsheet Editor recognizes/respects the current boundary.  In the spreadsheet view, highlight the cells to indicate those that are inside vs. outside the boundary. Add a Show Boundary selection box to the Spreadsheet Navigation dialog to toggle the highlighting. (Future; make an Issue, suggested by Brad, and I think SoloII does this.) 
8.  Technical Editing.  For technical editing to be useful, HawkEdit needs better navigation.  Translation, click centering in the display, etc.  Alex identified this capability as necessary after the Unfolding test case (Use Case 2).
  
Items 6, 7, and 8 will be tracked as Issues. 
