Meeting Notes (Brad, Alex, Brenda)

### Navigation Corrections
The new RadxConvert option -read_georeference_correction is only in development versions build from the source code.  
The option will be available in the next release of LROSE.

We need to test the navigation corrections from RadxConvert using the -apply_georeference_corrections and -read_georeference_corrections
compared to the results using Soloii. 
We can use the data set Alex posted.  Brenda will need to perform the tests until the next LROSE release.  
We want to make sure that RadxConvert with navigation corrections + HawkEdit REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION = Soloii REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION.
Compare with the expected image Alex sent in an email dated 12/7/2021.

### Undo/Redo
* move Undo/Redo to main window and out of script editor only.  Since undo/redo is available to both script and
spreadsheet edits, it is more clear to have the undo/redo in the main window.
* In the spreadsheet editor, each "Apply" is a step in the undo/redo stack.
* We talked about Undo/Redo applied to a batch of files.  This may not be as useful and could be moved to a later date.

### Testing Results
* Alex reported that Bargen and Brown (BB_UNFOLDING) unfolding worked on a small set of data.  There is still
an issue with large data sets and the script editor taking too long to run.
* Alex reported that Import Solo script with all the intermediate variables (V_2, V_3, etc.) didn't work and caused a crash of
HawkEdit.  
* Alex also noted that the copy (REF2 = REF) is not working.  This is probably broken due to recent modifications to the code.

### Panning
coming soon

### REMOVE_SURFACE
coming soon
