Meeting Notes (Alex, Brad, Brenda)

### Alex
Alex tested the latest release of HawkEdit and reported these bugs and feature requests:
1.  (BUG) variable copy ```CZZ = ZZ``` still does not work and generates a "vector" message.  The vector message is the result of an exception thrown when an element outside of a vector boundary is accessed.
2.  (FEATURE REQUEST) Batch edits move scan by scan through the data files.  This is useful in a sort of debug mode, but for large data sets, this could be cumbersome.  It would be good to have an optimal run mode where the display remains on the same scan.
3.  (BUG) Script edits leave out some rays.  Brenda said she has seen this behavior also and it seems to be a bug.
4.  (BUG; FIXED) There is some overwriting of text in scan angles display, kind of a new scan angle appears that is not selectable.  Brenda said this is a bug that was introduced and should be fixed in the next release.
5.  Undo of edits is really fast, is there a way to incorporate this action into the script edits?  Well, not really, the undo/redo is just a read and display of a data file, while the script editing is really an interpreter running the script on data, which is why it takes longer.


### Brad
Brad requested more flexibility in the legend content for images generated with HawkEye and HawkEdit.  Currently,
only the location of the legend, and an on/off presence of the a legend are configurable in the params file.
Brad will create an issue in the lrose-core Github repo to track this request.  It would be nice to
specify a static string, and variables to add to the legend. 

### Brenda
I can now reproduce Soloii calculation/edits for RemoveOnlySurface function. 
The associated cfac.fore and cfac.aft files were needed along with the navigation corrections from Soloii.  
The exact settings are documented in [unit tests](https://github.com/leavesntwigs/lrose-test/blob/master/libs/Solo/RemoveSurface_unittest.cc).
Note: the settings used Wen-Chau's algorithm and no environment variable setting for alt-gecho.  
The unit test for original_dorade_data works.  
The next step is to generate new cfrad data files to get the unit test for cfrad_data working.  This will likely need to 
generate new cfrad data files using 
``` RadxConvert -apply_georefs -replace_cfac_values ```
