Meeting Notes 
(Alex, Brad, Brenda, Wen-Chau)

Wen-Chau talked about instability/bugs/issues with the container versions of Soloii and Solo3 while running on a Mac. 
Running Soloii and Solo3 on a Linux server seems to be more stable.

Notes on the latest release:
There is an issue when opening an archive file if the file is not located in the expected directory structure that RadxConvert
creates.  The expected structure is ```YYYYMMDD/*.nc```.
HawkEdit exits without notice.  

Archive files with differences in the field names, or differences in the scan angles causes a repeated error message "No data in ray DBZ".

We talked about distinguishing between "batch mode" and "individual scan mode". Batch mode operates on multiple archive files 
at a time.  For example, applying an edit script to a range of files specified by a start and end time.  
Individual scan mode makes small edits, mostly using the spreadsheet editor, to one archive file at a time.

An UNDO in batch mode would revert (copy back) the original data.  An UNDO is individual scan mode would undo the last edit made.

Next steps:
* remove choose output location from script editor; keep range selection
* distinguish batch mode vs. individual scan mode
* when exiting batch mode, prompt to save temporary changes to a directory
* UNDO in batch mode copies back the original data; this may be just moving up and down the temporary directory stack ```.tmp_N``` directories
* on HawkEdit exit, remove all the temporary directories.
* batch mode would have a limited number of UNDOs
* running a script in batch mode would store the edited files in an internal temporary directory
* while processing the files in batch mode, the edited results are displayed
* at the end of batch processing, HawkEdit moves to the temporary directory that contains the edits.  This becomes the current working directory.
