Meeting Notes (Alex, Brenda)

We talked about the results of testing the latest release.
### Airborne Data
The key issues are:
* Duplicate field appear to not work; Be sure to double-click on a field name to bring up the parameter editor window.
* REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE: the optional args d onot work if present as in the auto complete syntax.  Gate shift argument is necessary, but should be optional.
* Skipped rays on script edit: Fixed 3/23/2022.
* Repeated error message for every file in batch mode editing.
* Move batch mode to main window along with undo/redo batch vs. undo/redo individual scan mode.
* Open script wants a particular file extension.  Instead, just allow any file.
* Save only working on the present file. We need a batch save to save all edited files in directory/time navigation.
* Zoomed, draw boundary, often times get an error "no ray data found".
* Use Boundary highlight goes away when click outside the script editor window.  The can be confusing when determining if the boundary was used or not.


### Ground-based Data
The key issues are:
* these are larger data sets and HawkEdit cannot handle the amount of data.  
* Script edits are NOT working with this large data set.  
* Need to add background thread when reading and plotting data.
* Use any NEXRAD data to test this case.

The priority of the next phase of development:
1. move batch mode editing/undo/redo to main window
2. ground-based data editing useful.
3. batch save of all edited files to a directory, is really necessary.
