Meeting Notes (Alex, Brad, Brenda)

We talked about the test results from the latest release.

### Brad's tests
* SPOL VEL data: previous tests and features continue to work as expected.
* SET_BAD_FLAGS_ABOVE function had a syntax error in the autocomplete that prevented use of the function.  The syntax in the autocomplete may not correspond to the arguments the function expects. Brenda will look into this.
* Brad suggested, that it would be nice to have a tooltip or info in the status bar of the Script Editor window that has more information about a script function.
* Alex agreed and noted that it would be nice to link the info with a Wiki page for further details.

### Alex's tests
* only using airborne data for testing because ground-based data sets are to slow in HawkEdit.
* Field copy is not working (CZZ = ZZ).  Copy or create new variable is NOT working.  The new field does not populate in the parameter color dialog.
* REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE (alt_gecho) argument is still in the autocomplete and may not be needed at all.  Should be removed.
* problems when moving through the undo/redo stack (see notes below).
* prompt to overwrite existing file during batch save is really annoying.  Add an option to the overwrite message box to "overwrite All".
* painfully slow when importing and working with ground-based data (NEXRAD).
* still seeing missing rays in polar plots.

Note on problems moving through the undo/redo stack.  Here are the steps to recreate the problem:
1. REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE ==> run script
2. REMOVE_RING ==> run script
3. undo edits; moving in the undo/redo stack removes the edits from step 1 and confuses the stack.
4. stacking the commands in steps 1 & 2 really messes up the data.
5. this happens with individual and batch mode.

## Priority of tasks:
1. speedup ground-based (NEXRAD) data import and editing
2. missing rays
3. undo/redo stack confusion
4. overwrite All option for batch save
5. make the autocomplete syntax and the script edit function consistent.
