Meeting Notes (Brad, Brenda)

We talked about test results using the latest release:  Some individual tests and also trying the airborne radar QC test case 
(remove-only-surface and correction factors)
and the ground-based QC test case (unfolding).

We talked about using RadxMergeFields as a post-processing step to merge edited fields with unedited fields.  
Currently, when HawkEdit saves files, only the fields selected when the file is opened are written to output files.
Any fields that are created in scripts are also written to output files.  One solution is to use RadxMergeFields
to join the edited fields with the original fields.  Brad noted that is it difficult to 
anticipate which fields will need to be edited (a priori) when a file is opened.  Brenda suggested some form
of a "lazy read" on the data fields, in order to handle large amounts of data.  A lazy read would mean, read and plot
a field when requested.  

## Results from testing

### Brad's testing
Test case 1: File->Open, pan (double click to move the center), Unzoom to return to the original center point.  
Currently, there is no way to return to the centered display without a zoom/unzoom.  Brad suggest the Unzoom
to recenter the display in the absence of zoom.  This helps to keep the menu options simple, and yet provide
an intuitive way to recenter the display.

Test case 2: Undo/Redo. This seems to work

Test case 3: Remove_ring on one file, for one sweep.  HawkEdit crashed.  Brad will share the PECAN, SPOL data file
to help reproduce the problem.

Test case 4: HawkEdit crashes when navigating among large data sets.  A large data set has multiple sweeps, multiple
fields, and multiple files.

### Alex's testing

#### Still having trouble copying a field
Ran “CZZ to ZZ”

o   First try: script eval completed but field did not show in display

o   Second try: program crashed

o   Tried switching command to only run on current angle because it was a single angle airborne TDR scan, but no luck

#### Remove ring on a set of approx. 30 airborne files in batch mode crashed

·      Tried this with other functions like remove only ground and the test function zero middle third

o   When the program did not crash it just would not make edits but stay open

I could not test save on batch edits because the edits did not work

#### Boundary editor notes

·      When using double click centering for panning (which works great otherwise) the boundary over-extends past your double click when the screen re-centers and will mess up the boundary being drawn

·      Sometimes when double clicking to re-center during boundary drawing I will get a “No ray data found at” error message

·      On a positive note, with the zoom and pan ability, the shift click to add or delete a point is much smoother and typically performs the action I intend now rather than deleting a point nearby when I try to add one

·      Tried running unconditional delete with boundary and it crashed the program

#### Spreadsheet editor had some issues as well

·      Undo/redo works as expected

·      Zoom/panning makes this action easier to be precise for the user

·      Sometimes edits don’t work as expected and delete a nearby ray still

o   Luckily I can undo my way out of this when it happens

##### I can make an edit and then go on to the next sweep without a notification
- I would expect one to save the scan and notice of undo/redo stack being cleared
- I can make an edit on one scan, then undo it after going to another scan and making edits there if I return to the previous scan

§  This may be related to batch mode only existing in the script editor

·      Maybe this should be moved to the main menu like undo/redo?

§  In the process of switching out of batch mode, I got locked into the time navigation and could not move to another scan even when switching back

§  When I saved the scan, it gave me an option to overwrite but then it deleted the field I had made unfolding changes to

I thought the failure to edit airborne data might be a memory issue but it continued to not work when I tried an individual file.

 

#### Ground Based Case:

Opening all fields in a NEXRAD file was slow, but not bad for a small test set of 3

·      This will always have to be the case because when you save files it only writes the fields you had in the session

Making a copy of a field in a singular scan took roughly a minute

·      Script said it completed but field did not populate (same problem as airborne)

·      I did notice that when I hit undo, the program took about 10 seconds to do something so I think it’s working but not populating

The remove ring command and undo/redo worked in batch mode

·      Commands don’t take as long as they used to in batch but are still on an order of minutes

Saved batch edits and tried to continue working but program crashed

·      The save worked and I successfully re-opened edited files from the directory

#### Zooming and panning worked great

#### Using the boundary editor crashed the session outside of batch mode

#### I tried to make an individual edit and it took several minutes and reverted to batch mode

### Airborne Radar QC test case
#### Question:  How are the cfrad* data files produced?  Using Soloii?
The cfrad* data files have the correction factors applied 
```RadxPrint -rays -f cfrad* | grep georefs_applied ```
shows the georeferences have been applied.  The values in the georeferences block for a ray do not correspond to the
cfac.fore or cfac.aft data files in the test case.  Could the cfrad* data files be produced using the original, 
uncorrected swp.* file, using ```RadxConvert -apply_georefs -read_cfac... -f swp*```?  The swp.* files have zeroes 
in the CFAC block.  

