Meeting notes (Brad, Alex, Brenda)

*  Brad and Alex discussed nomenclature for "sweeps" vs. "scan angle" as the terminology changes when talking about airborne radar vs. ground bases radar. 
In the polar display, sweeps are listed down the right-hand side.  Suggest changing this to "Scan Angles".
In the Script Editor Dialog, change to "Current Angle" and "All Angles".  

* Add an intermediate message for Save edits in batch mode with the options to "Save to new directory" or "Overwrite original".
Alex said a common workflow is to edit data in the same directory for several days.  The directory stays the same and it would be nice to just
 overwrite the data in the working directory and not have to select the same directory for every save.

* VERY IMPORTANT - since Soloii is currently the only mechanism to remove aircraft motion from data, the script function
REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION is critical.  HawkEdit needs a way to import the correction factors (CFAC data file).  Two options:
1.  add an argument to the REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION function that is a string that is a path to a CFAC data file.  
2. add a Script Editor Menu option to import a CFAC data file. 
The REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION function would use the CFAC data file in the calculations, then include the correction factors 
in the saved CfRadial data file.  If no CFAC data file is imported or passed as an argument, then REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION
uses the cfac data block included in the CfRadial data file.
Also, remove the optional Nyquist Velocity argument from the REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION function.  There should be no arbitrary
change to the Nyquist velocity that is specified in an archive file.

Brenda demonstrated the script edits undo/redo capability.  This capability is mostly working, but there are still a few details to complete.

Alex reported that individual scan mode edits still function, including boundary edits.

Next steps:
1. Another release with the script edit undo/redo feature
2. REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION changes to allow testing of the function. 





