Aug 15, 2023 
### HawkEdit Users Group
Attendees: Brenda, Jen,  Brad 

### Notes
* Brenda reported that running on Linux and display on Mac doesn’t work well, lots of issues. The polar display doesn’t work either.
* NOAA lab wants to use Rocky linux 9. According to Paul.  ALMA linux 9 for the aircraft. LROSE currently supports both of these. 
* NOAA (HRD) Paul do not use Docker, so we can push Docker work aside.
* Brad: external python function report: NOAA does an initial QC in SoloII with a Solo command file, then use some code that follows what Michael Bell developed, but it has been modified for the spectrum width.  So, we don’t need to make HawkEdit call external Python code.  Instead submit a pull request to incorporate a new function into HawkEdit.  We can continue this discussion.
* Maybe in November, we can work with HRD/Paul to test HawkEdit and potentially move away from SoloII and Solo3.
* Brad: these are the commands that HRD/Paul uses to do the conversion  (from Michael Bell’s method):
```
    rain-rate ZZ by -1.0 put-in RZ (RZ is reciprocal of power, Z)
    mult-fields WIDTH by RZ put-in SWZ
    set-bad-flags when SWZ above 20.0
    (lower -> less MD + less NMD near radar)
```
Note: Converting reflectivity to power function is missing.
* NOTICE: HawkEdit needs RAIN-RATE function implemented, and the multiply fields.  The SET-BAD-FLAGS functions are implemented.
  



### Action items
* Brenda: note status of work in AMS poster: RHI, multi-window, airborne almost done.
* Brenda: insert table & related talks into AMS Radar poster
* Brenda: ask Mike for a linux box for testing. Try running on Linux box with debug and logging.
* Brenda: working version on Linux is a top priority!!
* Jen: discuss with Michael and at LROSE meeting whether to include ``` AirborneRadarQC::calcRatio ``` in HawkEdit as a function
* Brenda: we also have test data from Conrad.  What script functions are needed?
* Brenda: action items from last meeting 
