Meeting Notes (Jen, Alex, Brad, Brenda)

### Notes from LROSE Workshop at AMS 103

* Paul Markowski sent data from a DOW; Alex tested it and no issues in the current release of HawkEdit
* Color palettes and edits and saving; make this more intuitive, safe
* Colorblind friendly color scales added to lrose-displays (Sam from Texas A&M offered a color scale)
* Keep the color scale association with the field in persisted parameter file (export parameter file; (File Menu -> open Parameter File)
* Truck borne radar data X-band (Paul) this works! ; mobile doppler radar data set (Robin) We can add these data to the lrose-HawkEdit test cases
* Brenda Dolan would also use the RHI displays (in addition to potential APAR use by Brad).
* NEXRAD would be used in HawkEdit (ADAD crossover from scan angles; repeated scan angles we use index instead of a scan angle (From Jen, could we add the scan angle in parentheses next to the scan index)  - ask Alex)
* HawkEdit is used for NEXRAD data to hand delete data and for unfolding 
* For stationary XBAND data,  polygon boundary editing is really useful!  From Sam, a Texas A&M undergrad student using PyArt mostly - Ammar’s work with pySolo may be helpful here.
* Ground-based data edits using HawkEdit on linux requested by K. de Waal
* Use valgrind to profile HawkEdit
* Turn off compression in Radx; compression is time consuming when writing data and for undo/redo, we don’t need compression; only really need compression on the final write/save of the data
* How to update the status panel instead of requiring clicking in the polar display?

From Brenda Dolan:
```
Speaking of NEXRAD, I can't be the only one using/fighting with that data regularly. I think that some of the Radx features dealing with the split sweeps and data resolution should be a major selling point of LROSE. I think a dedicated tutorial on working with NEXRAD data might be beneficial (and maybe a way to increase user base? if someone searches for 'how do I read /work with NEXRAD data' and an LROSE tutorial comes up then they become entrained in the larger community?) 
This could also include a HawkEdit demo. One aspect of which might be demonstrating how RadxConvert can be used to reduce the overall size of the domain from 400 nm (which we would never use data at those ranges quantitatively...!) to more like 100 km which would reduce the memory needed to work with it and hand-edit some of the challenging stuff with HawkEdit.
IN GENERAL, preprocess data first using RadxConvert.
```

### Status Updates
#### Brenda
testing with Conrad's data from 20190609 and this script ...
```
OPTIMAL_BEAMWIDTH = 3.0
D0 = REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE( DBZ, OPTIMAL_BEAMWIDTH, 0 )
VGR = REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE( VEL, OPTIMAL_BEAMWIDTH, 0 )
V0 = REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION( VGR)
```

Issues related to correction factors (cfacs):
* Data sent to SoloII f(x) need:
    1. georefs applied
    2. cfacs NOT applied
    3. send individual cfacs as args to f(x) that need them.
* The current data file, after running a script needs the cfacs applied for proper display.


Q: Is there a disconnect between data in the spreadsheet and the display? in terms of cfactors, since the cfactors change the az and el?


Q: Does the boundary work when scripts are run on data without cfactors applied?


Q: Are cfactors applied BEFORE or AFTER georef calculations?


Prioritize work: 

1. Fix navigation correction reset error message
2. Function validation prototype code (Brenda send results to Alex for validation with SoloII)
3. Repair functions which require navigation corrections (ex: REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE, REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION)
4. Intermediate User Guide (auto-complete and in app help improvements as well)
5. RHI display addition
6. Multi-window display
7. Implement more custom display functions (e.g. color palette step)
8. Save color scale configs as parameter files
9. Cap the undo/redo stack

Action Items:
* (Brenda) do a brew install lrose-core on test Mac; does ~/lrose/bin/HawkEdit work on the command-line on MacOS?
* (Brenda) send input and output data files, and script to Alex for SoloII validation.
* Make a youtube account for the videos we are making.  http://wiki.lrose.net/index.php/2023_AMS_Workshop_Sessions
* HawkEdit working in linux (try a command-line invocation of HawkEdit on linux)
