Feb 14, 2023 | HawkEdit Users Group
Attendees: Brenda, Brad, Alex, (Jen in spirit)

### Notes
* Alex updated the testing data for RemoveAircraftMotion in the github repository (https://github.com/Alex-DesRosiers/HawkEdit_Testing_Data)
* Brenda is working on unit tests for RemoveAircraftMotion using the RadxRay::applyGeorefers code.
* Brad is adding to the data sets that Alex is collecting in the HawkEdit test repository.
* Brenda is also working on the linux build of HawkEdit, and the help documentation for the script edits
* Coming soon, RHI displays in HawkEdit.

### Action items
* Brenda: We need georefs NOT applied before the RemoveAircraftMotion, because of the tilt calculation. Write details of this issue because it is difficult to talk about these equations without some kind of documentation.
I think the recommended way to handle cfactors is going to be: 
1. Use RadxConvert with the external cfac file.  This will generate a CfRadial file with the correction factors held in the metadata.  
2. DO NOT apply the georefences, because, RemoveAircraftMotion needs the raw data to calculate the tilt.  The tilt is needed to calculate the aircraft velocity correction which is removed from the velocity field. Once the georeferences are applied, they cannot be removed from the azimuth and elevation. Also, the correction factors must be added BEFORE the georeference is applied.

  
* In the documents, how to use HawkEdit, add a RadxConvert command to trim data past a certain range as a preprocessing step as suggested by Brenda Dolan. Especially useful for large NEXRAD data.
