Jul 11, 2023 

HawkEdit Users Group

Attendees: Jen, Michael, Alex, Brad, Brenda

### Notes
* Action items from last meetings: ASSIGN_VALUE, open file without georefs applied,
* Alex walked through bugs in the latest release:
 1.  SPOL as the radar name/title always appears
 2.  new field creation -- accept all characteristics of original field including associated color scale and units
 3.   airborne data - ground level is not straight; there is a little dip  ed to hit enter in Parameter + Color Dialog to accept changes.
 4. click-center vs. boundary point add/delete vs. other interpretations does not distiguish mode/context correctly.  boundary points are added when they should be deleted or vise versa.
 5. shift-click to add boundary point is finnicky; there are work arounds for this.
 6. DISCUSSION: user experience with boundary associations; boundary is associated with field, data file, scan angle. How to reuse the same boundary for multiple scan angles? multiple fields? apply boundary by time range? How to uniquely identify a boundary for saving and association. Brad suggests, keep the boundary within the same scan, but allow the boundary to apply to multiple variables within the scan; variable specific is probably too specific.  Keep the boundary scan specific.  Fine tune as we have more use of HawkEdit.  Brad and Alex: it might be helpful to have the boundary available to other scans, because it is a good starting point, then it can be tweaked for the new scan.
 7. ASSIGN_VALUE script function is missing from auto complete
 8. ground-based batch-save is broken. It saves only the changed scans; e.g. level 5 of 16 levels in one scan; only partial data saved.
 9. special characters / long field names can exceed the string limit and then special characters are inserted into the field name. This can cause the file to be unreadable on import. (AOS data)
 10. boundary drawing doesn't work well; both zoom and unzoom.
* Brad will test new version of HawkEdit with the AOS data.
* Looking forward to a temporary release/update of RadxConvert and HawkEdit on the EOL linux machines, and on  the CSU (maui) machine.
* Michael noted that Solo3 was used recently in a multi-day tutorial on how to work with radar data.
* Michael reiterated the need to make HawkEdit very stable, do what SoloII did, and then add new features later. 


### Action items
* RadxConvert with track-relative coordinates for testing with HawkEdit on airborne data.
* Cai et. al. code somehow working again. (container, Fortran library called from C++ code with a Radx-like application).
