Sep 19, 2023

HawkEdit Users Group

Attendees: Alex, Brad, Brenda  

## Notes
* meeting 9/26 moved to Thursday (meeting will focus on documentation); next meeting will be 10/3 

#### AMS Radar Conference debrief
* Q: Are we at a good point to solicit a broader group of testers? Karen?
* 1st:  Need more text guide, open source Google doc for how to use HawkEdit (Alex can try to put something together; Nav correction is not ready for prime time yet, but ground-based may be ready; no separation into DORADE files; maybe focus on getting ground-based data.)
* 2nd. Multiple announcements about HawkEdit: twitter/X, email to LROSE list serve, respond whenever there is a comment about Solo, Tropical Storm list serve (Brad) once the airborne QC is ready for prime time?
* Consider absorbing Alex’s ML code into LROSE somehow? This is funded as a separate project with NOAA.  ML needs more labeled data sets for further training.  ML uses supervised learning. 
#### APAR update
* We had a software development kickoff meeting.  
* APAR data will have multiple uses: input for data assimilation, event analysis.
* HawkEdit has a part in this.
* Is CM1 the base of AOS? Instead of WRF.  Yes. Plus CRSIM can read WRF output. CRSIM needs microphysics schemes. MPASS - model processes across scale.

#### FARE debrief: Karen Kosiba ready to use HawkEdit
* We will be inviting the team from the University of Illinois - FARM to join the HawkEdit meeting.
* There are some really nice interfaces and software in development at the FARM.
* Found out that the FARM uses the histogram feature of SoloII/3!  

#### Brad: asked for update on Linux. 
* This should be working; Brenda made changes after testing; need to get the latest version installed on EOL linux machines.

## Action items
* Prioritize tasks ( focus on ground-based functionality  and get the docs and tutorials ready for the next broader group of testers; airborne is put to the side for now. )
* Jen: discuss with Michael and at LROSE meeting whether to include this AirborneRadarQC::calcRatio in HawkEdit as a function (table for after the radar conference).
* Alex: will test compiling  the Fortran version of the Cai et. al. code. Maybe setup a separate time to debug with Alex. (lower priority; APAR will need this eventually; not needed right now)
* Brenda: implement RAIN_RATE and other functions needed for Conrad and Paul (use Solo, but they have their own code; this community may not be ready for HawkEdit, yet), and Karen
RAIN_RATE,
FLAG_FRECKLES,
EXP,
FLAG_GLITCHES,
REMOVE_ONLY_SECOND_TRIP_SURFACE,
CALC_RATIO,
HISTOGRAMS??
* Brad, does the repeated REMOVE_RING 2nd time fail? is this true for other commands? The second REMOVE_RING does not work.
#### APAR
* RHI 
* Multiple window display
* Long field variable names; test to make sure bound is not exceeded; security issue
#### Documentation/Training; Top priority and discussion at next meeting: for docs, tutorials, etc. 
* Alex: put together rough draft of Google users guide; link to LROSE Wiki to working version of user’s guide, video, download; NOTE these are in development.
* There are some actions in HawkEdit that are not very intuitive, like where is the color bar. FAQ:  How to write functions in the script.  FAQ: Where is the script editor?   REMOVE_AC_MOTION seems to have worked.  Jen ran the RadxConvert to apply the cfacs.  Can I use those images for the poster? Still noticed HawkEdit quitting unexpectedly.   
* Brad suggested we use the main menu Help for how to bring up the script editor, etc. 
* Use tooltips for instruction. But, allow a “don’t show this again” option.  Or like Google, have a tour of the new features.  We should triage these issues. 
#### Other
* Implement parameter color dialog color scale boxes
* Make copy field, inherit properties of original field.
* Would be nice to have parameter file editing; to set color scale params interactively, and then save these setting to a parameter file.
Save/import/export parameter file
* Airborne data: manual unfold/fold in spreadsheet does not work; probably need to send the airborne variables. Ground-based data works, though.
* Boundary + zoom / scale issues
* Brenda: Add a warning to the HawkEdit release page that airborne corrections are not yet fully vetted.  We don’t trust the edits made to data that rely on the track-relative coordinate system.  This is still in progress. DONE.
* Cannot unfold data in the spreadsheet editor with airborne data. (lower priority).
* Brenda: ask Mike to install LROSE from head on wind. Brad would like to test with it.
* Brenda: find a time next week to move HawkEdit meeting and discuss docs/tutorials. DONE.
