Nov 7, 2023 
### HawkEdit Users Group
Attendees: Brenda, Jennifer, Michael, Wen-chau, Brad, Alex, Isaac

### Agenda
* APAR: What we want the display to look like and the type of functionality we want.
* Review of User’s Manual (comments and feedback)
* Request from Karen Kosiba to use HawkEdit. Send user manual and access to July 7, 2023 version.  This is not a final version; we are still in beta test mode. 
* Invite Karen back to a meeting to discuss.  Include Michael, Jen, Mike in email to Karen.


### Notes
* Brenda Dolan and Jen, operational data has different Nyquist and PRF values at different sweeps.  Does the metadata on the left-side of screen update. If unfolding, one would need to know that the Nyquist is not the same through out the file. 
* Brad: regarding people testing. Do we want to limit the number of testers? Can other people in the group also use it? Does it matter? Probably not, we do have disclaimer at the start.  Probably ok to expand.
* Isaac: The guide is in good shape.  I could use it to create scripts, and use with the spreadsheet editor.  Add to the script descriptions would be good.  Some of the menus (boundary editor closing messes up things, make a note in the doc to keep it open while working with).  ISA instruction set architecture (M1, M*, vs. AMD).

### Brad demo:

* Multiple panels showing multiple variables
* Situational awareness view! 
* Only looking at left-side panel scans

* Combined view





* Traditional HawkEdit mode: (first to implement)
* Combined mode: 3D display aircraft moving into the screen, aircraft moving out of the screen. (second to implement; with rotation).
* CIDD, shows where the  or (pseudo RHI) RHIs are in the PPI scan; 
* Isaac: “on text enhancer” to display the RHI location.
* CIDD integrates RHI & PPI display. CIDD shows RHI availability in the PPI display, clicking on one of the yellow lines, pops up the associated RHI. Can also generate a pseudo RHI by drawing a line in the PPI display. The pseudo RHI may not be useful, because we aren’t editing the pseudo display. 
 

* Draw a boundary in the RHI panel. Yet, keep the displays in sync?
* Airborne data is different than ground-based data in terms of a boundary: the ground-based generates a 3D volume of data, but the airborne data is different; one boundary-to-one-display association.

* How to organize the amount of data that APAR can generate? How to manage and work in a large data set.  There is the time slider/navigator.  The time tick marks may get complicated.  A start and end time might be better, than individual tick marks.  Maybe when there are more than X ticks, we go to start and end bounds. 
* Brad: navigating through large data sets.  It is difficult to use the time slider.
* Divide the files into sections, say 20 files at a time.  
* Jen: we may run into memory issues as well, with large data sets.
* Brenda: it may be similar to moving through movie frames; 10 minutes of time is one chapter. 
* Isaac: look at other apps.
* NASA world view
* CIRES satellite slider.  

* Number of fields /moments shouldn’t be too large.  Simulated data has a lot of variables, but that is just for testing. 

* Alex: we do have a batch mode and this will need to work on everything, even if it isn’t being displayed.  What about undo/redo? Space???

* May need a Chapter mode? For navigating? 

* Brad: if we are editing individual panels, we will have separate directories for each panel. 

* Michael: Keep it flexible! (generic display, this can be a PPI or an RHI; custom view class?

* Jen: start with traditional view. 

### Action items
* Brenda: Send email to Karen (include additional CCs) DONE.
* Isaac: make changes to User’s Manual directly
* Brenda: verify metadata in left-side of panel updates when the nyquist and PRF differ for each scan angle. DONE, by Jen.
* Brenda: work on implementing traditional view

