
Mar 21, 2023

Attendees: Brad, Jen, Alex, Brenda

Brad asked about information on the Bargen and Brown unfolding algorithm. The Solo library contains the code transferred from SoloII

Alex mentioned an email from Alex at Texas Tech who has been following the HawkEdit meeting notes and reached out with questions about the navigation correction equations.  Alex and Brenda will continue this discussion with Alex.  

Mike Dixon has completed code changes to Radx so that the track relative coordinates (x_t, y_t, z), azimuth, elevation, rotation, tilt, etc. are calculated for Y-prime radars.  The track relative values are now written to (and read from) CfRadial files as metadata for each ray.  This will help HawkEdit calculate the aircraft velocity/motion for the RemoveAircraftMotion function.
Brenda is testing these changes. Once testing is complete, RadxConvert will perform the calculations using the applyGeoreferences parameter.  After running radar files through RadxConvert,
the data will be ready for display and editing in HawkEdit. 

Jen noted that once the navigation corrections are working in RadxConvert and HawkEdit, it would be wise to get final validation from Michael Bell and Wen-Chau Lee.  


### Action items:
 * Brenda: linux version of HawkEdit. Brad and others need this. Not critical, but urgent.

 * Brenda: Brad reported a bug with HawkEdit with these conditions: unfolding, create new variables, save the files, HawkEdit just crashes and doesn’t write any files.  Alex also may have noticed this with CHIVO data  and unfolding. These are just cfradial files; these are AOS files and they have strange characters in the variable names.  Brad will try opening AOS file, saving without any unfolding. 
