Meeting Notes (Alex, Brad, Brenda)

### Alex testing of speedup cfac release.
* Adding a boundary point is kind of clunky. It adds a point not where clicked.
* Boundary is not respected when navigation corrections are used. Repeat error from before. 
* Intermediate variables are appearing again in the parameter dialog.  E.g. ```V_2_2_2```, etc.
* Zooming in display and then drawing boundary, and double click centering display is confused. Double clicking gets confused when zoomed. 
* Shift click adds or deletes a boundary point
* Double click centers the scan
* Double click centering when boundary editor is active, HawkEdit is confused how to interpret the clicks.
* Solo may not be the ground truth for radar editing (per discussion with Michael). So, we need to go with our current view/interpretation of this.  Except for REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION.
* 2 remove rings is a row doesn’t work. Second one not applied.
* Brad: last 2 releases crash after selecting variable, when opening SPOL file. (FIXED)
* Brad: Dec 12th release works with SPOL data  (in HawkEdit test data shared directory; surveillance scan shared Google drive  20150626 PECAN data see the single cfradial file in the top dir) ; maybe related to cfac pointer being NULL; works for CHIVO but NOT SPOL and not NEXRAD; Alex resent email with NEXRAD file). (FIXED)

## Discussion
How to uniquely identify a boundary for saving and association. Brad suggests, keep the boundary within the same scan, but allow the boundary to apply to multiple variables within the scan; variable specific is probably too specific.  Keep the boundary scan specific.  Fine tune as we have more use of HawkEdit.  Brad and Alex: it might be helpful to have the boundary available to other scans, because it is a good starting point, then it can be tweaked for the new scan. 

## Carryover priority work from previous meetings 
* Add HawkEdit into the make files for lrose-core. This makes HawkEdit available on Linux.
* RHI display addition
* Multi-window display
* Implement more custom display functions (e.g. color palette step) Implement step editing in param dialog so we can use particle ID. (integers).
* Save color scale configs as/in parameter files.
* Cap the undo/redo stack


