Dec 19, 2023
# HawkEdit Users Group
Attendees: Karen, Josh, Brenda, Isaac, Alex, Michael 

## Notes
* Josh running on Rocky Linux 20230814 rpm just crashes when opening a data file.
* Karen and Josh are using Guru (C# and .net)  (DORADE or cfradial) for displaying
HawkEye for realtime in the trucks
* FARM uses TITAN, RadxConvert, HawkEye, Solo, all moment processing through LROSE
* DORADE and time series are the main data products from the DOW/FARM
* DOW does edit RHIs and uses multiple panels.
* OPAUSE software, PyArt ?
* Histograms? YES, FARM and DOW use this quite a bit along with the statistics for ZDR offsets. 
* Karen: we do a lot of calculations with CBand 
* Josh: range to first gate: Josh does all the QC on the data; apply a tilt and a roll to the data. Would this be with correction factors? Adding an azimuth offset. 
Not quite, Cfac is the error in the INS; this is different from what Josh is asking about.
Feature request: Reading in a string of ASCII data for roll and pitch, beam by beam to correct these for ground-based data.  Beam-by-beam basis.  This information would also be retained in the header of the file.  This would be a new feature to add; This would be a batch editing command to edit (ASIB block in DORADE).  CfRadial might support ray metadata which is where this would be included.
* Note: Sea-POL on a ship for next summer, so we will handle this in RadxConvert with the apply georeference calculation.
* Feature request: Package HawkEdit RPMs for linux as a standalone app instead of including ALL of LROSE.
  

## Action items
* Brenda: try to debug 20230814 HawkEdit install on Rocky Linux using Docker containers.  If this doesn’t lend any insight, then schedule a debugging session with Josh.
* Brenda: schedule a meeting with Josh to debug HawkEdit install with Rocky Linux 9 RPM install.
* Alex: send ML QC paper to Karen and Josh. DONE.
* Brenda: bug fix; Karen noted that drawing a boundary and deleting a gate when the display is zoomed, did nothing.  No gate was changed.
* Brenda: bug fix; create or remove the /tmp directory for saved boundaries.  This causes an error unless the directory is created at installation time.
