Meeting Notes (Cancelling the meeting for this week)

Here are some updates on the progress since last week. We will reconvene on 1/31/2023.


#### Q: Is there a disconnect between data in the spreadsheet and the display? in terms of cfactors, since the cfactors change the az and el?

No answer, yet. Still need to test this.

#### Q: Does the boundary work when scripts are run on data without cfactors applied?

No answer, yet. Still need to test this.

#### Q: Are cfactors applied BEFORE or AFTER georef calculations?

A: The cfactors need to be applied before the georef calculations, because the georef calculations contain trig functions, e.g.
sin(a + a_correction).

### Prioritize work:

* Fix navigation correction reset error message (In progress)
* Function validation prototype code (Brenda send results to Alex for validation with SoloII)
* Repair functions which require navigation corrections (ex: REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE, REMOVE_AIRCRAFT_MOTION) (In progress)
* Intermediate User Guide (auto-complete and in app help improvements as well)
* RHI display addition
* Multi-window display
* Implement more custom display functions (e.g. color palette step)
* Save color scale configs as parameter files
* Cap the undo/redo stack

### Action Items from last meeting:

(Brenda) do a brew install lrose-core on test Mac; does ~/lrose/bin/HawkEdit work on the command-line on MacOS?
In Progress.  The default permissions on the homebrew directories are wrong, so lrose-core.rb won't install.

(Brenda) send input and output data files, and script to Alex for SoloII validation.
Done. Alex verified the results look consistent with SoloII for the REMOVE_ONLY_SURFACE function.  Alex also
noticed there is a bug when the same function is used in sequence.  The second call to the function is ignored.
Alex noticed this bug previously has reported it.

Make a youtube account for the videos we are making. http://wiki.lrose.net/index.php/2023_AMS_Workshop_Sessions

HawkEdit working in linux (try a command-line invocation of HawkEdit on linux).
Done. Brad installed the 20221222 release of lrose-core on a linux server.  There is no HawkEdit executable in the ~/lrose/bin directory.
Brenda will work with Mike to get HawkEdit building with future releases.  Brenda is also working on the command-line interface (CLI) to 
run HawkEdit from the linux command line.
