Feb 21, 2023 | HawkEdit Users Group
Attendees: Jen, Mike, Brad, Alex, Brenda 

### Notes
Mike joined the meeting to help with tests to verify the RadxGeoreference calculations and the SoloII radar_angles calculations.
Mike suggested Alex post new versions of the fore and aft sweep files (swp.1181010122951.N42RF-TS.196.-20.0_AIR_v3394).
This includes sweep files before any editing and then separate DORADE sweep files after edits with remove-aircraft-motion. 


Alex updated the testing data for RemoveAircraftMotion in the github repository (https://github.com/Alex-DesRosiers/HawkEdit_Testing_Data)
Brenda is working on unit tests for RemoveAircraftMotion using the RadxRay::applyGeorefers code.

The data sets that Brad would add are already part of the collection in the HawkEdit test repository.

Brenda is also working on the linux build of HawkEdit, and the help documentation for the script edits

Coming soon, RHI displays in HawkEdit.


Recommended use of HawkEdit: We need georefs NOT applied before the RemoveAircraftMotion, because of the tilt calculation. Write details of this issue because it is difficult to talk about these equations without some kind of documentation.   
In the documents, how to use HawkEdit, add a RadxConvert command to trim data past a certain range as a preprocessing step as suggested by Brenda Dolan. Especially useful for large NEXRAD data.  Add this to the LROSE Wiki.

### Action Items

Brenda: Add my notes about radar_angles, Wen-Chau’s paper, CfRadial, etc. to LROSE Wiki. 

Alex: generate new version of swp.1181010122951.N42RF-TS.196.-20.0_AIR_v3394. DONE.

Brenda, Mike: go through details of [unit tests](https://github.com/NCAR/lrose-HawkEdit/blob/main/navigation_correction_notes.md) real_data_N42RF_TS_reproduce_SoloII_yprime, real_data_N42RF_TS__yprime  with new data that Alex is regenerating. DONE.

We need to discuss the results of these tests, because SoloII is doing something different from RadxGeoreference.
Which one do we use in HawkEdit? What happens if HawkEdit does not reproduce SoloII remove-aircraft-motion?

