Apr 18, 2023 HawkEdit Users Group

Attendees: Brenda, Jen, Brad, Alex

### Notes
* As a followup to last week’s meeting, Alex sent an email with details about the Cfacs Rinse and Repeat cycle which are instructions to iteratively accumulate correction factors. 
* Jen suggested adding Alex’s notes on the  Cfacs Rinse and Repeat cycle to the internal LROSE shared Google drive.
* Brenda can add Alex’s Cfacs Rinse and Repeat notes to the HawkEdit meeting notes.
* When the instructions are ready for general use, we will post them on the LROSE Wiki, along with recommended RadxConvert, HawkEdit steps and parameters.
* Brenda is working through the tasks from last week’s meeting: change error message with cfacs to a warning, then work on spreadsheet click-center connections.
* Jen asked, Can uncorrected (no cfacs) data be edited using RemoveAcMotion BEFORE the georefs are corrected? 1) RadxConvert+applyGeorefs+no_cfacs ⇒ 2) HawkEdit with RemoveAcMotion; then rinse and repeat accumulating the cfacs until satisfied with the results.  We believe the answer is yes. 
* Jen asked if we could automate the rinse and repeat cycle, and eliminate the manual step of using vim + cfac adjustments = cfac’.
* The Cfacs Rinse and Repeat cycle is roughly:  take 10 minutes of raw data; RadxConvert + applyGeorefs; HawkEdit + RemoveAcMotion; Cai, et.al. ⇒ new cfac corrections; vim + new corrections ⇒ RadxConvert + applyGeorefs + cfacs’ …
* What is the current shape of the Cai, et. al. code? C++? Fortran? Consider  absorbing this [code](https://github.com/mmbell/Airborne-Radar-QC) into LROSE as a library. This would need to be a separate phase of HawkEdit work, with lower priority, but it certainly is doable.  The cfacs file is a simple ASCII text file, and it would be easy to parse, add new corrections, then write a new ASCII text file.

### Action items
* Add Alex’s steps for Cfacs to HawkEdit meeting notes.
* If Georefs have NOT been applied, still allow the data to be displayed using HawkEdit.  (See if this is possible as we need a rotation in order to plot the data, or just use azimuth?). In addition, offer a message, how to correct using RadxConvert + applyGeorefs.
