Aug 8, 2023 
## Meeting Notes
HawkEdit Users Group

Attendees: Brenda, Jen, Brad 

### Notes
* Running on Linux: Brenda logged into eol machine, but needs rsh certificates updated in order to login to other eol machines. Install lrose-display on eol machine, if not already there.
* Poster for AMS Radar conference going out for comment soon.  Would like to submit the poster by the end of the week.
* Talked with Mike about Fortran wrapper for the Cai, et. al. code.  Mike suggested converting the code to C/C++
* Brad talked about the HRD meeting notes. Linux is really important for the HRD community.
* Brad will contact the HRD community to get a list of the errors experienced.  The LROSE code could be used on the P3s. Get a working version on the plane. Would RSF be helpful in this? 
Is wind accessible directly? Or only indirectly? Does Mike have a linux machine to test HawkEdit? HRD Trey is there. Could this be a contact point.  Once we have a working version, then we can ask HRD to test it.
* Mike and Brenda talked about JavaScript to display CIDD/LUCID in the Jupyter notebook.
* HRD Parallel container manager instead of Dockerfile.??? Can Parallel use a Dockerfile to build a container?
* External functions run outside of Solo.  These are Python functions (RainRate and power calculations outside of Solo). Contact Paul Reasor for more info?  Can we call Python script from HawkEdit scripts?  
* Paul and Michael have a new grant to do some machine learning for QC work.
* The code that HRD uses for TRD data does not run with CfRadial files.
* Jen: used HawkEdit to generate images for the annual report. YEAH!! There are some actions in HawkEdit that are not very intuitive, like where is the color bar. FAQ:  How to write functions in the script.  FAQ: Where is the script editor?  The second REMOVE_RING does not work.  REMOVE_AC_MOTION seems to have worked.  Jen ran the RadxConvert to apply the cfacs.  Can I use those images for the poster? Still noticed HawkEdit quitting unexpectedly.
* Brad suggested we use the main menu Help for how to bring up the script editor, etc.
* Brad, does the repeated REMOVE_RING 2nd time fail is this true for other commands?
* Use tooltips for instruction. But, allow a “don’t show this again” option.  Or like Google, have a tour of the new features.  We should triage these issues. 

### Notes on HawkEdit on Linux:
Soloii in Docker
- install Docker
- install XQuartz
- in script may need to add ``` xhost + $lrose_host_ip ```
- in XQuartz preferences, allow connections  ( XQuartz->preferences->security-> allow connections from network clients
- ``` $ ./soloii-docker ``` 

#### Testing on EOL linux machines from my mac:
```
ssh -XY x.y.z.edu
Try xclock; Install XQuartz as needed.
```
* HawkEdit pops up GUI
* File->Open HawkEdit terminates with this error 
```libGL error: MESA-LOADER: failed to open swrast: /usr/lib64/dri/swrast_dri.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory (search paths /usr/lib64/dri, suffix _dri)
libGL error: failed to load driver: swrast
Segmentation fault (core dumped)
```
HAWKEYE gets the same error, but HawkEye can move past it.  HawkEdit gets a segmentation fault.
This is a red herring.
The HawkEdit segmentation fault is this
```
#1  PolarManager::_openFile (this=this@entry=0xe21c60) at PolarManager.cc:2870
Thread 1 "HawkEdit" received signal SIGSEGV, Segmentation fault.
std::__cxx11::basic_string<char, std::char_traits<char>, std::allocator<char> >::basic_string (
    __str=<error reading variable: Cannot access memory at address 0x8>, this=0x7fffffffbf80)
    at /usr/include/c++/8/ext/new_allocator.h:86
86	      ~new_allocator() _GLIBCXX_USE_NOEXCEPT { }
```

8/11/2023.  Working on rain, try to build lrose and HawkEdit.  Then I can debug.  BTW HawkEdit -vv does not work, it just exits.


### Action items
* Brad will talk with Paul and get more information about this work
* Brenda: can HawkEdit call a Python script? A matlab script?
* Brenda: grab images from the annual report for the poster. DONE.
* Brenda: work with Alex, to get the Docker working.
* Brenda: explore the Cai et. al. code translation. This is inhibiting the validation of the airborne data in HawkEdit.
* Brenda: HawkEdit on Linux. IN PROGRESS.
