# HawkEdit Meeting Notes
Attendees: Brenda, Jennifer, Michael, Brad, Alex, Isaac

## Notes

### Update on HawkEdit Basic User Manual: ready for first round of internal review. 
* Installation is an issue on the mac because the gatekeeper forces frequent overrides.  
* Need to update signing certificates that expire in November, 2023
* Build lrose in xcode and submit to Apple for certification. 

### Discussion on displays for APAR data.
* Like the Grid layout with “...” options to add rows and columns, like a spreadsheet
* RHI popout window? Yes, but the RHI display could also display in a grid cell.
* Parameter file that defines the initial colorscale association to a field, and the grid layout. We could use default colorscales typically used for variables. dynamic build of display, then export parameter file.  Annoying thing, once set in file, it is nice to be able to edit it; keep two ways of modifying the display. And then saving. 
* How are  zoom and pan handled?  All panels zoom? Or just the individual one? Universal  zoom (priority here and default mode). Or single zoom? Right click  to snap to editing on a specific panel.  
* GUI configuration for initial set of data.   It would be good to get some sample data and start displaying it. A fast prototype?? Brad can display it in HawkEye.  Maybe Brad can show some images of the workflow currently in use and talk through what works and what doesn’t. 
* Each scan is stored together in one file?  What about two RHI scans for – 16 images for one panel, for example. How to manage all the images? 
* Radar scope.  Nice for ground-based data.  How will it look for airborne?  It has quick icons for common grid layouts.  It’s nice to have the panels linked together.    
* Try to get some simulated data and display it. 
* What other ideas? Totally different ideas?
* Menus for variable selections instead of entire section of display “real estate” dedicated to this info. 
* Movie or time loop? HawkEdit has this with the Time navigation, but does not have continuous loop.  
* How the data are structured in the files may be the limiting factor for displays.
* Maybe a combined product of  data from all four panels.  
* The side panels can be switching scan strategies.  
* How to match and link the panels and data together.  
* Start with simple, multipanel display and build the code to allow for changes as the displays evolve.  Keep it flexible!

#### It would be helpful to see some simulated APAR data just displayed, then we could have a better understanding of how we might want the displays to look.

## Action items
* Brenda: work on initial multipanel display
* Brad: demo current workflow
