Apr 11, 2023  HawkEdit Users Group

Attendees: Brenda, Jen, Brad, Alex

### Notes

* Brad and Alex tested the 20230410 version of HawkEdit and found issues with backward compatibility when displaying airborne data.
* Brad: running old Y-Prime data generates error message.
* A new error message causes problems with prior data because the track-relative coordinates are not in the cfRadial files prior to April 4, 2023.
#### Suggested fix:  
If GeorefsApplied == true, then look for track-relative rotation

If GeorefsApplied == false, then just grab the rotation.

If track-relative variables are not found issue a warning message; default to use RadxGeoref::\_rotation (RadxRay does not hold rotation); do NOT use RadxRay::azimuth.
If a ray does NOT have georeference block, then use RadxRay::azimuth.  This is the only option.

* Cfacs are NOT a “one and done” step, rather it is an iterative process. (See Alex's detailed notes.)
* New raw data workflow is good to go.
* Backwards compatibility is the issue.  
* Separately accumulate the cfacs iteratively using the Cai et. al. equations (in separate code). See Alex’s diagram.




* Spreadsheet editor shows azimuth for the column heading. This is disjoint from the PPI display which uses the rotation.
We discussed possible fixes. See Action Items.

### Action items
* spreadsheet ; click-centering is not working
* Continue to display the azimuth in the spreadsheet column headers; add a range/azimuth label to the spreadsheet column/row
* Left-panel: display and label georef data as track-relative separate from just georef:roll, etc.
* Report warning message “HawkEdit will display the data “as-is”, still allow the edits, and examine the data; Also, this data is NOT ready and it is recommended to run RadxConvert, to prepare the data for HawkEdit display and editing.”
* If georefs have been applied, then no warning, use track-relative rotation or georef->rotation.  What to use? RadxRay::_rotation? Does not exist;  RadxGeoref->rotation? Yes, use this.
* Backward compatibility: If there is prior data, run RadxConvert -update to move the rotation to the track-relative coordinates.  Is the prior calculation of rotation the earth-relative coordinates? Or the track-relative coordinates?  
* Remember: we are in a transition period with the airborne data. Use RadxConvert, for all coordinate transformations; HawkEdit for only display and editing. 
* Add to RadxConvert -update has applygeorefs = true; rewrites/copies to the track-relative variables.
* RadxConvert <new cfac file> applygeorefs = true  <<=== this is not possible at this time. 

