Jul 18, 2023 
## HawkEdit Users Group
#### Attendees: Brenda, Jen, Brad, Alex

## Notes
### Brad had a chance to test the latest release of HawkEdit:
*  Special characters in field variable names is fixed.
* Otherwise HawkEdit seems to be working alright
  
### Mike has installed a new version on CSU linux machines
  
### Brad: APAR use of LROSE:
* How to save the data. Four panels, collecting data simultaneously.
* File naming is being decided.
* Maybe move the multipanel display down the list. Data may be collected/labeled at the same time point. This is an issue for formatting the spatial / time ordering of data.  Will the data be combined into one file? Or separate file? We may need some type of sorting, to order the data scans in some manner.
* Correction factors? Will these be needed for APAR data?  Possibly.  We are not sure how to handle the top panel.  Maybe a solar scan to compare this relative to the sun, to get the pointing angles.
* APAR will have Y-Prime axis mode (Eldorada and TDR data).
* APAR can also generate Z-axis mode/data.  But, this will be kept consistent to one coordinate system for APAR.
* Maybe next summer, Wen-Chau suggested a workshop survey of how to use and display APAR data. 

* Jen asked about dealing with the max file size; reading and writing large data filled.  How big are some NEXRAD files? 5 - 13 MB, up to 19-25 MB. Let’s ask Alex next meeting.  Brad said the test data files generated currently contain extra debug variables.
 (5-6 MB per scan; multiple look angles ⇒ 20 - 30 MB per file).  Any issues with speed or lagging while testing HawkEdit?  Brad hasn’t noticed any issued with HawkEdit.  Brad only noticed issues with speed, while running SAMURAI, but Brad just adds more processors. 

### Running HawkEdit on EOL linux machines? 
* The display window pops up.  When starting, there are a few errors reported.
* Trying to open a file, causes a segmentation fault.  Here is the error.
```libGL error: MESA-LOADER: failed to open swrast: /usr/lib64/dri/swrast_dri.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory (search paths /usr/lib64/dri, suffix _dri) libGL error: failed to load driver: swrast ```

### Brenda noted that script help should be working in the next release.
### Cai et. al. is building in a Docker container now. 
Pass a directory with the intermediate files to the fortran equations. Intermediate text files.  
Take the user out of the middle part of the equation.  ***read_DBZ ⇒ intermediate text files ⇒ data_cns_run ⇒ cfac file. 
#### Two stage process: 
Docker 1st. Integration into LROSE, as a fortran library called from the Radx tools is 2nd priority.
