Jan 23, 2024 
### HawkEdit Users Group
Attendees: Brenda, Jen, Brad, Alex, Isaac, Josh 

### Agenda:
* Short meeting – new format
* Moving to once a month meetings
#### Linux installer  (Rocky linux 8.9 Josh)
* No root permission; development releases 
* Will post installer to lrose-HawkEdit? Github repo under releases – same place as the HawkEdit releases for Macs. 
* Installer works for non-Qt apps.  Need to work out library and plugin dependencies for Qt apps.

#### Multipanel display in HawkEdit
Working on multipanel display in HawkEdit
Using QML, QtQuick to more dynamically create the UI.

#### Isaac (question from Michael ML QC)

### Notes

Isaac presented a HawkEdit polar display of airborne data where the horizon is tilted. The metadata indicates 
georefs are applied, but the angle looks weird. 
Alex suggested to add a pop up a message that there is a discrepancy between the applied georefs, but the track relative fields are still missing, 
indicating the data was probably processed before the RadxConvert was corrected to include track-relative coordinates in the CFRadial files.  
Issue: what happens if georefs are applied twice? Let’s look at this in the next meeting. This may help debug  (maybe send an email with results and schedule a meeting as needed.) 
Maybe rerun through RadxConvert to apply the georefs corrections. 
Run the newer version of RadxConvert to generate the new track relative variables; see if this fixes the issues.  Jen will work with Isaac on this.  

#### Cai, et al. FORTRAN wrapper.
Jen asked about Cai et. al. FORTRAN wrapper. No new progress on this.  Linux and base functionality supersede this, but any HRD involvement will need the Cai et. al. code. 
Linux version. Second in priority to the Linux version.  Does APAR need Cai et. al? Brad: APAR does not have introduced track errors, so no need at this time.  

### Action items
* Brenda: send announcement email when Linux installers are on lrose-HawkEdit github site.
* Brenda: keep the Cai et. al. code in progress. 
* Watch for updates on Isaac’s airborne case. Communicate via email until next meeting.
* Add a popup message when georefs applied = TRUE && track relative fields == missing values (see more details above).

